---
layout: post
title:  "Retrospective"
date:   2017-2-1 10:51:47 +0530
categories: scrum
img: image-1.png
categories: [one, two]
published: true
---
## Scrum

Scrum is a disciplined framework for agile project management made up of a few simple roles, structured meetings, and artifacts.

## Scrum Roles

Scrum defines three roles as part of a Scrum Team: the ScrumMaster, the Product Owner, and the Team. 

### Scrum Master

The ScrumMaster is a servant to the team. This person is responsible for ensuring the Scrum Team adheres to Scrum values, practices, and rules. The ScrumMaster ensures that meetings run smoothly and makes sure that everyone on the team has what they need to be successful. 

If the Scrum Team faces a Blocker, an issue that prevents progress, the Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring its quick resolution.

### Scrum Product Owner

The Scrum Product Owner is the person who owns the Product Backlog (a list of stakeholder needs for the product), ranks the work items by priority, and defines the acceptance conditions.

The Product Owner is responsible for everything that goes into the product release. The Product Owner meets with stakeholders, to collect the requirements.

The Product Owner is responsible for using his or her technical knowledge as well as knowledge of the team and of the business value to assess stakeholder needs and order the backlog in a priority sequence.


### Scrum Team

The Team is a self-organizing, self-managing, cross-functional group of people, such as developers, testers, information developers, architects, and any other participants the team nee s to deliver the work described in  he Product Backlog. The Team selects the Product Backlog and turns it into increments.

A Scrum Team consists of the Product Owner, ScrumMaster, and the Team. It is responsible for taking the work in the Product Backlog and figuring out how to deliver small demonstrable increments of the work in each Sprint while they are managing their own work in the process. Team members are collectively responsible for the success of each iteration and of the project as
a whole

# Scrum Artifacts

## Types of Scrum Artifacts

Scrum Teams work from a single, prioritized Product Backlog It is the master list of work for the entire project. It contains the prioritized requirements and size estimates for both business value and development effort. Anyone on the team can add items to the Product Backlog.

Although Scrum does not define the format for stakeholder needs, many teams use User Stories because they can help teams to focus on the value they will deliver to stakeholders


### What is product backlog?

Software is built to satisfy requirements. These requirements are entered in a product backlog. The Product Backlog is owned by the Product Owner who is one of the members of scrum team.  the requirements are fulfilled by the team.
However, it is recommended to use the same medium and format that you expect from your future product Development Teams. Make the Product Backlog transparent at all times for anyone interested. This works best when it is visibly posted up somewhere.



## Sprint

The team works to complete tasks in the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint. Sprints are a powerful technique to time box the project and channel resources to work on the highest-priority requirements. The literature varies on how long a Sprint should last. Ken Schwaber recommends one month. If the complexity demands more control because of greater risk, he recommends
shorter Sprints. Shorter Sprints pay for the risk management with the additional planning. Sprints should be a consistent length, so the team establishes a regular pattern of delivery. Most teams within IBM use a consistent Sprint length of either two weeks or four weeks

Team members register completion of their tasks in a common tracking tool. Each team member is responsible for updating the tool to show that his or her work is complete. This removes the time-consuming project management task of collecting status.

## What is Restrospective

Retrospectives are a natural fit in an Agile work environment—Scrum and Crystal explicitly include “inspect and adapt” cycles for the methods and teamwork along with mechanisms to examine and improve the product. 

While continuous builds, automated unit tests, and frequent demonstrations of working code are all ways to focus attention on the product and allow the team to make adjustments, retrospectives focus attention on how the team does their work and interacts.

For an hour-long retrospective, you can ask people to report verbally on data and events or use the team’s task board and big visible charts. When your team looks back more than a week or two, create a visual
record using a timeline or data charts.
