---
layout: post
title:  "SCRUM"
date:   2017-1-4 10:51:47 +0530
categories: scrum management
img: image-1.png
categories: [one, two]
---
One of the management techniques taking over the software industry is agile scrum. It is one of the original agile processes, originating in the early 1990’s. It is a disciplined framework for agile project management. It is made up of a few simple roles, structured meetings, and artifacts. Other agile processes have emerged since then, including Extreme Programming, Crystal, Adaptive Software Development, Feature Driven Development, and Dynamic Systems Development Method.

### Scrum

Scrum is not an acronym. It is a term borrowed from the sport of rugby, where it refers to a way of restarting a game after an accidental infringement or when the ball has gone out of play. The name “Scrum” was first used in this context in 1986 by Takeuchi and Nonaka.

Scrum originally was conceived for software development projects. In general, it is more important to know the business needs of the software or hardware than to have complicated technical documentation of the product. The scrum approach focuses on the business needs of projects when developing products and services. It is more important to get the user story and how the product will be used in the context of the customer.  

Scrum revolves around Scrum Teams. Scrum is a team-based iterative and incremental Agile methodology for tackling projects. It is about the communication between members of the team and it is about creating something that provides tangible benefits to stakeholders.It enables teams to deliver the right features on time, on budget, and with great quality. Scrum helps a software development organization adapt to changing business requirements and stakeholders’ needs while protecting the team from unproductive disruptions to their workflow. 

### Scrum Framework

SCRUM is not a process or a technique for building products; rather, it is a framework within which one can employ various processes and techniques.  It is a framework for organizing and managing work. It is simple to understand and deploy. It is the most common agile method used today.  It is based on a set of values, principles, and practices that provide the foundation to which one's organization will add its unique implementation of relevant engineering practices and specific approaches for realizing the Scrum practices. 

Scrum is a refreshingly simple, people-centric framework based on the values of honesty, openness, courage, respect, focus, trust, empowerment, and collaboration.   The framework consists of Scrum Teams and their associated roles, events, artifacts, and rules. Each component within the framework serves a specific purpose and is essential to Scrum’s success and usage.    The rules of Scrum bind together the events, roles, and artifacts, governing the relationships and interaction between them. 


# Scrum Artifacts
## Types of Scrum Artifacts

Scrum Teams work from a single, prioritized Product Backlog It is the master list of work for the entire project. It contains the prioritized requirements and size estimates for both business value and development effort. Anyone on the team can add items to the Product Backlog.

Although Scrum does not define the format for stakeholder needs, many teams use User Stories because they can help teams to focus on the value they will deliver to stakeholders


### What is product backlog?

Software is built to satisfy requirements. These requirements are entered in a product backlog. The Product Backlog is owned by the Product Owner who is one of the members of scrum team.  the requirements are fulfilled by the team.
However, it is recommended to use the same medium and format that you expect from your future product Development Teams. Make the Product Backlog transparent at all times for anyone interested. This works best when it is visibly posted up somewhere.

## Sprint

The team works to complete tasks in the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint. Sprints are a powerful technique to time box the project and channel resources to work on the highest-priority requirements. The literature varies on how long a Sprint should last. Ken Schwaber recommends one month. If the complexity demands more control because of greater risk, he recommends
shorter Sprints. Shorter Sprints pay for the risk management with the additional planning. Sprints should be a consistent length, so the team establishes a regular pattern of delivery. Most teams within IBM use a consistent Sprint length of either two weeks or four weeks

Team members register completion of their tasks in a common tracking tool. Each team member is responsible for updating the tool to show that his or her work is complete. This removes the time-consuming project management task of collecting status.
